breathing is difficult
time to go shopping
love means many things
the world is a stage
one heck of a question
the power of denial
do not say anything
the force is with you
you are not a jedi yet
are you talking to me
yes you are very smart
all work and no play
the dreamers of dreams
do not drink too much
take a coffee break
starlight and dewdrop
the living is easy
the cotton is high
but the levee was dry
a quarter of a century
round robin scheduling
call for more details
have a good weekend
buckle up for safety
Mary had a little lamb
life is but a dream
it is very windy today
make my day you sucker
batman wears a cape
I hate baking pies
lydia wants to go home
freud wrote of the ego
nobody cares anymore
the sum of the parts
peek out the window
toss the ball around
he is shouting loudly
my dog sheds his hair
join us on the patio
the dog will bite you
do not drink the water
santa claus got stuck
zero in on the facts
the winner of the race
we drive on parkways
we park in driveways
I like to play tennis
it looks like a shack
the daring young man
you have my sympathy
he called seven times
sad to hear that news
with each step forward